[DOCFIX] Add how to enable web/metrics on standby masters (#15449)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/Web-Interface.md

For instance, if Alluxio was started locally, the master web interface
can be viewed by visiting [localhost:19999](http://localhost:19999).

When the cluster is running with High Availability, by default the standby masters

> do not serve the Web UI. From Alluxio 2.8 on, users can use `alluxio.standby.master.web.enabled=true`
> to enable the Web UI on the standby masters too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not serve the Web UI. Set `alluxio.standby.master.web.enabled=true`
to have the standby masters also serve the Web UI.
```
